Name
jew1-Sparkle Rose Pendant Necklace
jew2-London Charm Bracele
jew3-Small Tortoiseshell Short Drop Earrings
jew4-Star Band Ring 
jew5-Butterfly Chain Bracelett
jew6-Tiny Pearl Stud and Short Drop Earrings
'

Description
jew1-
jew2-Dangling with all things London, this gold-tone bracelet features six individually designed charms. Each charm is designed with an enamel finish, with a hint of sparkle to the crown jewels and London Eye.
jew3-Adding pops of all the colours to your accessory game, these earrings are set in an abstract design resin.
Non-refundable.
jew4-This luxe band ring is plated in yellow gold with petite star engravings and sparkly crystal embellishments
jew5-A cute addition to your every day wrist stack, this delicate chain bracelet features fluttering butterfly motifs and sparkling diamantes. Dipped in sterling silver with a lobster clasp and extender. 
jew6-Pretty pearls for day and night, this earring set is comprised of a simple pair of pearl studs and drop earrings. Designed with a pearl charm that hangs from a diamante stud, these drop earrings are a perfect touch of sparkle on your evening look.
Non-refundable.
'






Name 
ass1-Preppy Sunglasses 
ass2-Knit Pom-Pom Beanie Pink 
ass3-Large Buckle Belt Cream 
ass4-Leopard Print Bamboo Fan 
ass5-Mini Bow Pearl Barrette Clip 
ass6-Wide Twist Headband 


Description 
ass1-Keep on top of trends with this tortoiseshell rendition of our preppy sunnies, featuring rounded frames and tinted lenses. Destined to be your most-used accessory of the year, style them through summer to winter for all-year-round protection. 
ass2-Only complete with a hot drink in hand, this knit beanie hat features a faux fur pom-pom and turned up brim.
ass3-The perfect partner for blue denim, this plaited belt with a gold-tone pin buckle will serve you well for seasons to come.
ass4-Keep cool during summer heatwaves and sunny winter getaways with this fan in your tote bag. Designed with bamboo and fabric pleats, the leopard print keeps things wild. Finished with an oversized tassel. 
ass5-A simple addition, with maximum payoff. Encrusted with shiny pearls in a mini bow profile, this hair clip slides into the hair and fastens with ease. 
ass6-Keep your hair away from your face...but with style. This headband features twist detailing to the top, with a solid black satin backdrop for a chic finish.


Name 
bag1-Suedette Classic Cross-Body Bag Black 
bag2-Rope Strap Shoulder Bag
bag3-Stitch Strap Saddle Bag Tan 
bag4-Large Zebra Print Canvas Shopper
bag5-Push Lock Wallet Green 
bag6-Bucket Shoulder Bag Black


Description

bag1-From dusk 'til dawn, this bag will see you through day-long ventures. Featuring a split faux leather and suedette design, it has two zip compartments and a middle magnetic compartment. Finished with an adjustable cross-body strap. 
bag2-Because everyone needs a bucket bag. Designed in faux, grained leather, it features a short shoulder strap that's wound in monochrome rope. Secures with a magnetic dot fastening. 
bag3-Something for the every day: this saddle bag features a classic fold-over flap with stitch edge detailing throughout. Small in size, it's perfect for popping out, boasting enough room to house your phone, purse, and keys. Finished with a stitch detail cross-body strap and magnetic dot fastening to the fold-over flap.
bag4-If Mary Poppins liked animal print. Made from cotton canvas and patterned with zebra stripes, this oversized tote is the perfect carrier for, well, everything! 
bag5-A generously sized purse for your day-to-night weekend spending, this piece will fit perfectly in your shoulder bag. Designed in faux leather, it features a push-lock clasp alongside two zipped compartments for loose change. Look inside to find plenty of slots for your bank notes and store cards, finished with a clear window for your ID. 
bag6-Providing plenty of space for your everyday essentials, this bag features a roomy main compartment with an internal pocket for your extra-small bits. Designed in faux leather, it has a soft profile with long shoulder straps and a magnetic snap closure.